README.md, before:

#### **🛠️ i currently work on:**

> [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/177556136?s=200&v=4" width="32" height="32" align="center">]()&nbsp;&nbsp;[**vendere**]() — a custom point of sale system software as a passion project.    
> [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/177556136?s=200&v=4" width="32" height="32" align="center">]()&nbsp;&nbsp;[**crypta**]() — a file encyption and decryption software as a passion project.    
> [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/177556136?s=200&v=4" width="32" height="32" align="center">]()&nbsp;&nbsp;[**castora**]() — a free custom broadcast playout software for small broadcasters.    
> [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/177556136?s=200&v=4" width="32" height="32" align="center">]()&nbsp;&nbsp;[**scrinii instrumenta**]() — a set of utlilty software for oled screen users.    
> [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/177556136?s=200&v=4" width="32" height="32" align="center">]()&nbsp;&nbsp;[**TBA**]() — a future 3d video game i am working on.  
> [<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/177556136?s=200&v=4" width="32" height="32" align="center">](https://github.com/fonseware/electronjs-setup)&nbsp;&nbsp;[**electron.js setup**](https://github.com/fonseware/electronjs-setup) — a free electron.js setup script which helps users to create new electron projects.  
> . . . and more repos [here](https://github.com/shannonfonseka?tab=repositories)    

> #### 💡 note
> many of my projects are deeply personal and represent countless hours of effort. while i value open-source collaboration, i prefer to keep some source code private. if you’re interested in contributing, feel free to reach out privately. thank you for understanding! [^1]

> #### 🌏 view my site [fonseware.com](https://fnswe.com) [^2]

> #### ✉️ mail me at [hello@fonseware.com](mailto:hello@fonseware.com)

> #### 🏢 view my [fonseware](https://github.com/fonseware) github org

> #### 🛡️ see the [security policy](https://github.com/shannonfonseka/shannonfonseka/security/policy) & [report here](https://github.com/shannonfonseka/shannonfonseka/security/advisories/new)
[^1]: main reasons are because i discovered a "free" version of OBS and Captura was sold on Microsoft Store by some clown with all open source licenses removed; see [here](https://github.com/MathewSachin/Captura/issues/405).
fearing for people stealing my work i am making all my projects private with a custom license.
[^2]: this is my personal webserver and since my website and other material is hosted on a home-made webserver, frequent downtimes may arise. and the site is under construction, you may see broken links and missing content.

Commit message:

Revise project details and personal notes
Updated project descriptions and personal notes in README.

README.md, after:

#### **🛠️ i currently work on:**

> all my major projects have now moved to my org mentioned below. you can find all my active projects' development over there. this profile now mainly hosts a few smaller personal experiments and my academic related repos. explore everything at the org to see the full work!
> 
> want to check my repos anyway? click [here](https://github.com/shannonfonseka?tab=repositories)

> #### 💡 note
>
> many of my projects are deeply personal and represent countless hours of effort. while i value open-source collaboration, i prefer to keep certain source code private. if you’re interested in contributing, feel free to reach out privately. thank you for understanding! [^1]

> #### 🌏 view my site [fonseware.com](https://fnswe.com) [^2]

> #### ✉️ mail me at [hello@fonseware.com](mailto:hello@fonseware.com)

> #### 🏢 view my [fonseware](https://github.com/fonseware) github org

> #### 🛡️ see the [security policy](https://github.com/shannonfonseka/shannonfonseka/security/policy) & [report here](https://github.com/shannonfonseka/shannonfonseka/security/advisories/new)

[^1]: main reasons are because i discovered a "free" version of OBS and Captura was sold on Microsoft Store by someone with all open source licenses removed; see [here](https://github.com/MathewSachin/Captura/issues/405). fearing for people stealing my work i am making all my projects private with a custom license.

[^2]: this is my personal webserver and since my website and other material is hosted on a home-made webserver, frequent downtimes may arise. and the site is under construction, you may see broken links and missing content.
